doc(release): prepare release notes for OSS 23.04 (#2962)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-23.04/releases/centreon-os.mdx

## Centreon Web

### 23.04.14

Release date: `January 12, 2024`

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - [API] Fixed a visibility issue on configuration/users endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [API] Fixed a visibility issue with the configuration/users endpoint.
```

- [Authentication] Fixed hardcoded email value that block SSO authentication with OpenId Connect when parameter is not email.
- [Configuration] Fixed error message displayed in configuration generation after upgrading to 23.04 version.
- [Event Logs] Fixed period in CSV export.
- [Installation] Fixed issue of poller ID appearing twice in Centreon gorgone configuration.
- [Installation] Fixed installation when database user already exists.

> - [My Account] Fixed account properties edition for local user only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [My Account] Made the name, login and password fields read-only for non-local users so as to prevent issues where users who had edited these properties were locked out of the platform.
```
